Add process control plug (#14)
canonical/chip-tool-snap: README.md

sudo snap connect chip-tool:bluez
```

> Connect the [`process-control`](https://snapcraft.io/docs/process-control-interface) interface for system-wide process management, 
> such as allow [sched_setattr](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/sched_setattr.2.html) system call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the [`process-control`](https://snapcraft.io/docs/process-control-interface) interface for system-wide process management. This is needed to grant Chip Tool access to make [sched_setattr](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/sched_setattr.2.html) system calls. This may improve the reliability of the operations (see #8).
```
